Document the support policy for optional packages (#3616)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/minversions.md

# Minimum Supported Versions

PyGMT has adopted [SPEC 0](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/) alongside the
rest of the scientific Python ecosystem, and will therefore:

- Drop support for Python versions 3 years after their initial release.
- Drop support for core package dependencies (NumPy, pandas, Xarray) 2 years after their
  initial release.

In addition to the above, the PyGMT team has also decided to:

- Drop support for GMT versions 3 years after their initial release, while ensuring at
  least two latest minor versions remain supported.

> - Maintain support for optional dependencies for at least 1 year after their initial
>   release. Users are encouraged to use the most up-to-date optional dependencies where
>   possible.

Reviewer: Maybe link to https://pygmt-dev--3616.org.readthedocs.build/en/3616/ecosystem.html#pygmt-dependencies so people know what the optional dependencies are.

```suggestion
- Maintain support for [optional dependencies](/ecosystem.md#pygmt-dependencies) for at
  least 1 year after their initial release. Users are encouraged to use the most
  up-to-date optional dependencies where possible.
```

:::{note}

> The policy is not strictly enforced and occasional breaches of the policy are allowed
> after discussions within the PyGMT team.

Reviewer: I think we should be specific that breaches to the policy are only for **core** and **optional** packages following the SPEC 0 note (i.e. Python and GMT versions are to be dropped strictly after 3 years). How about wording it like this?

```suggestion
The SPEC 0 policy is enforced on a best-effort basis, and the PyGMT team may decide to
drop support for core (and optional) package dependencies earlier than recommended for
compatibility reasons.
```

PyGMT has adopted [SPEC 0](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/) alongside the

> rest of the scientific Python ecosystem, and therefore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rest of the scientific Python ecosystem, and will therefore:
```

- Drop support for Python versions 3 years after their initial release.
- Drop support for core package dependencies (NumPy, pandas, Xarray) 2 years after their
  initial release.

> In accordance with this policy, the PyGMT team has also decided:

Author: ```suggestion
In accordance with this policy, the PyGMT team has also decided to:
```

> In accordance with this policy, the PyGMT team has also decided to:

Reviewer: Maybe word it like this? It sounds strange to say "in accordance with this [SPEC 0] policy"
```suggestion
In addition to the above, the PyGMT team has also decided to:
```

- Drop support for GMT versions 3 years after their initial release, while ensuring at

>   least two latest minor versions remain supported.

Author: > ensuring at least two latest minor versions remain supported.

I've added this sentence to the GMT support policy.

> - Maintain support for optional dependencies for 1 year only. Users are encouraged to
>   use the most up-to-date optional dependencies where possible.

Reviewer: Trying to get the wording right...

```suggestion
- Maintain support for optional dependencies for at least 1 year after their initial
  release. Users are encouraged to use the most up-to-date optional dependencies where
  possible.
```
